#Midterm 2 project Design, and Implimintations
The design of this code was largly a tranferrance two a 6 interaction lattice from the code provided of the square (4 interaction)
lattice. In order to do this the triangle latice was offset slightly.  This allowed for the interaction be dependant on the 6 spins
rather than the four. This is done in the code itself by adding 2 more terms on line 32 of the metropolis.c c file.  This allows the code to take the 2 extra spins by adding matrix elements s[inext][jprev] and s[iprev][jnext]. This is also done in the ising.c file on line 118 where the "sweeping" occurs. Because this is only sweeping it is only necessary to add a single s[inext][jprev] term in allowing the sweep to catch all of the spin states that we are trying to detect. Due to this is was also necessary to add line 117 in the aforementioned code in order for ising.c to know what jprev meant. Another important change was the chaging of the boltzmann factor in the ising_datastructure.h code on line 16.  The first term of the array is changed to 25 in order to take the 2 extra spin states being looked at into account. In general the design of the main code (ising-demo-metropolis.c) calculates the specific heat of the 64x64 lattice at various temperatures ranging from 3-5 kT/J and then plots said points using the isingplot.gp file which plots the array that the main code outputs to arrays onto.  In addition this code sets the name,scale, and all other aspects of the function that is eventually outputted.
#Results
The results of this code shows what would be expected.  The specific heat reaches a maximum and a single temperature in the form of a peak in the function evening out on both sides.  In addition as is seen by the apparant flattening out of the end of the function it appears that the specific heat will eventually reach an asymptote at around zero which makes sense as objects will always have some form of specific heat. In conclusion the code did exactly as was expected of it and the function that comes along with the code exemplifies this fact.
